gist-template.md, before:

# Title (replace with your title)

Introductory paragraph (replace this with your text)

## Summary

Briefly summarize the regex you will be describing and what you will explain. Include a code snippet of the regex. Replace this text with your summary.

## Table of Contents

- [Anchors](#anchors)
- [Quantifiers](#quantifiers)
- [OR Operator](#or-operator)
- [Character Classes](#character-classes)
- [Flags](#flags)
- [Grouping and Capturing](#grouping-and-capturing)
- [Bracket Expressions](#bracket-expressions)
- [Greedy and Lazy Match](#greedy-and-lazy-match)
- [Boundaries](#boundaries)
- [Back-references](#back-references)
- [Look-ahead and Look-behind](#look-ahead-and-look-behind)

## Regex Components

### Anchors

### Quantifiers

### OR Operator

### Character Classes

### Flags

### Grouping and Capturing

### Bracket Expressions

### Greedy and Lazy Match

### Boundaries

### Back-references

### Look-ahead and Look-behind

## Author

A short section about the author with a link to the author's GitHub profile (replace with your information and a link to your profile)

Commit message:

renamed title and added summary

gist-template.md, after:

# Regex Tutorial

Regex is an abbreviation for "regular expressions." They make it easier to search for specific 
sections of a text by describing a pattern of characters to look for. Regex can be applied to many
different programming languages, and are useful for input validation, finding and replacing characters, etc.

## Summary

A regex will be examined below that can be used to validate an email address. Each component of the regex will be explain in its corresponding section. 

Regex: Matching an Email
`/^([a-z0-9_\.-]+)@([\da-z\.-]+)\.([a-z\.]{2,6})$/`

## Table of Contents

- [Anchors](#anchors)
- [Quantifiers](#quantifiers)
- [OR Operator](#or-operator)
- [Character Classes](#character-classes)
- [Flags](#flags)
- [Grouping and Capturing](#grouping-and-capturing)
- [Bracket Expressions](#bracket-expressions)
- [Greedy and Lazy Match](#greedy-and-lazy-match)
- [Boundaries](#boundaries)
- [Back-references](#back-references)
- [Look-ahead and Look-behind](#look-ahead-and-look-behind)

## Regex Components

### Anchors

### Quantifiers

### OR Operator

### Character Classes

### Flags

### Grouping and Capturing

### Bracket Expressions

### Greedy and Lazy Match

### Boundaries

### Back-references

### Look-ahead and Look-behind

## Author

A short section about the author with a link to the author's GitHub profile (replace with your information and a link to your profile)
